Updated log message docs (#4086)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/admin/log-messages.md

# Interpreting common log messages

> In this subsection of the documentation, you will get to understand the meaning of common log messages and how to resolve them. When debugging errors and outages, it is very helpful to look at the logs emitted by JupyterHub.

Reviewer: I think the earlier order was preferable: problem statement ("when debugging...") before solution ("explaining common log messages")

Author: Thanks for the correction mnirk. I have re-written it.

## Failing suspected API request to not-running server

### Example

> When your screen displays the log message as shown below, you need not to get scared.

Reviewer: It's not about the screen, it's the logs. If we're keeping "scary", think it's better to keep it as a property of the logs, rather than assigning it to the reader.

Author: Resolved

```
[W 2022-03-10 17:25:19.774 JupyterHub base:1349] Failing suspected API request to not-running server: /hub/user/<user-name>/api/metrics/v1
```

### Cause

> This likely cause is that the user's server has stopped running but they

Reviewer: We need either "means that" or "The likely cause is", but not "This likely cause".

I like "This means":

```suggestion
This likely means that the user's server has stopped running but they
```

Author: Changed
